Linger, are you crazy too?
That's absurd.
Do you know that he is such an old paradigm?
Even if he saves you, you don't have to sacrifice yourself
I am not your photon
Wait until you forget who I am
Why don't you answer when I call you?
Lei Zhi calls you and you can answer
Don't worry
Don't give me another chance on this matter in the future.
Who can't brag, don't you know?
Good wine thank you
It's all for you
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
You are my rescue, what do you have to beg for?
I want to talk to Lin Ye alone
Sister, what else do you have to talk to him about?
Just let him go here
shut up
We are waiting for you downstairs
But to operate free
Half the power is all over the world
Waiting for people to truly integrate into the Kunlun system
And poor quality
What are you afraid of? Regret
Ok it's alright
I'm still waiting to hold the baby
What to hold a baby
Just this once.
I can't get pregnant with this
You don't believe my medical skills
I was in your body just now
Feel the breath of life
You're serious.
Of course, don't worry.
It's okay.
I will keep your child safe until you know it.
And this home
Will disappear from this world forever